>> Woodruff: THE U.S. SUPREME
COURT TAKES UP A LANDMARK CASE
ON SAME-SEX MARRIAGE TO DECIDE
IF GAY COUPLES CAN WED
NATIONWIDE.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD, EUROPE ON HIGH
ALERT, BELGIAN, GERMAN AND
FRENCH POLICE ARREST DOZENSN I
ANTI-TERROR RAIDS.
WITH THREATS OF ATTACKS ON THE
RISE, WHAT'S NEXT FOR THE WEST
THWARTING EXTREMIST PLOTS?
AS THE E.P.A. PUSHES CLEANER
ENERGY BY MOVING AMERICAN
ELECTRICITY AWAY FROM COAL,
WYOMING FIGHTS BACK AS THE HARD
BLACK ROCK IS THE STATE'S
LIFEBLOOD.
>> WE'VE BEEN HERE FOR
GENERATIONS AND THE EPA COMING
IN AND TELLING US WHAT WE CAN
AND CAN'T DO DOESN'T SETTLED
WELL WITH A LOT OF US.
>> WYOMING CAN FILE 100 LAWSUITS
A MONTH IF THEY WANT.
AND ITS NOT GONNA CHANGE A
THING.
>> Woodruff: AND IT'S FRIDAY,
MARK SHIELDS ANDAVID D BROOKS
ARE HERE, TO ANALYZE THE WEEK'S
NEWS.
THOSE ARE SOME OF THE STORIES
WE'RE COVERING ON TONIGHT'S PBS
NEWSHOUR.